1] What Are Absolute Units in CSS, and When Should You Use Them?

    # Questions

        1) What is a pixel?

            An absolute fixed-size unit of measurement in CSS, providing precise control over dimensions.
            Correct!

            A relative unit of measurement in CSS.

            A unit of measurement that is relative to the size of the screen.

            A unit of measurement that is relative to the size of the parent element.


        2) What are the two types of units you can use to define properties in CSS?

            margins and padding.

            cm and mm.

            absolute and relative units.
            Correct!

            picas and points.


        3) Which of the following is NOT an absolute unit of measurement in CSS?

            pt

            rem
            Correct!

            in

            px



2] What Are Percentages in CSS, and When Should You Use Them?

    # Questions

        1) What happens if you set width: 50% on an element whose parent has a width of 300px?

            The element will be 150px wide.
            Correct!

            The element will be 50px wide.

            The element will be 600px wide.

            The element will have no width.


        2) In the following CSS rule, what does the percentage value affect?
            .box {
                margin-top: 10%;
            }

            The width of the element.

            The height of the element.

            The top margin of the element.
            Correct!

            The font size of the element.


        3) Which of the following is NOT a good use case for percentage values in CSS?

            Setting the width of a responsive container.

            Defining the border-radius of a circular element.

            Scaling an image within its container.

            Specifying the line-height of text.
            Correct!



3] What Are ems and rems in CSS, and When Should You Use Them?

    # Questions

        1) What is an em unit relative to?

            The font size of the figure element.

            The font-size of the element or the parent element.
            Correct!

            The font-size of the root element.

            The font-size of the img element.


        2) Why are rem units preferred over pixels for typography?

            Pixels should always be used for typography.

            They make your designs more colorful.

            They scale proportionally with the user's browser settings.
            Correct!

            They increase website performance.


        3) What are rem units relative to?

            The fontsize of the figure element.

            The font-size of the element or the parent element.

            The fontsize of the img element.

            The font-size of the root element
            Correct!



4] What Are vh and vw Units, and When Should You Use Them?

    # Questions

        1) What does 50vh represent in CSS?

            50 pixels.

            Half the height of the viewport.
            Correct!

            50% of the element's parent height.

            Half the width of the viewport.


        2) Which of the following is a valid use case for vw units?

            Setting a fixed width for a sidebar.

            Defining the maximum width of an image.

            Creating a square element that's always 20% of the viewport width.
            Correct!

            Setting the line-height of paragraph text.


        3) What potential issue might arise from using vh units for critical layout elements on mobile devices?

            They're not supported on older mobile browsers.

            They can cause layout shifts when the mobile browser's address bar appears or disappears.
            Correct!

            They make the website load slower on mobile devices.

            They don't work with touch screens.



5] What Is the calc() Function, and How Does It Work?

    # Questions

        1) Which of the following operations can be performed using the calc() function in CSS?

            Addition and subtraction only.

            Multiplication and division only.

            Addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
            Correct!

            Addition only.


        2) What types of values can be used as operands within the expression passed to the calc() function?

            Only pixels.

            Only percentages.

            Pixels, percentages, em's, and other supported units.
            Correct!

            Only integers.


        3) How can you use the calc() function to create a responsive design?

            By setting fixed widths for the elements.

            By using media queries exclusively.

            By calculating element dimensions based on the viewport size or other elements.
            Correct!

            By using HTML to dynamically adjust element sizes.


