1] What Are Common Use Cases for Using Floats, and How Do They Work?

    # Questions

        1) What is a common use case for using floats in CSS?

            Centering an element vertically.

            Wrapping text around images.
            Correct!

            Creating a fixed header.

            Applying a background color.


        2) Which CSS property is often used to clear floats and maintain the layout flow?

            float

            margin

            clear
            Correct!

            padding


        3) How does applying float: left; to an element affect its position in the layout?

            The element is centered on the page.

            The element is pushed to the right side of its container.

            The element is removed from the normal document flow and moves to the left side of its container.
            Correct!

            The element stays in the normal document flow and aligns with the top of its container.



2] What Is Relative Positioning, and How Does This Differ from the Default Static Positioning?

    # Questions

        1) Which of the following is the default positioning for all elements?

            absolute

            relative

            fixed

            static
            Correct!


        2) What does relative positioning do to an element?

            It moves it from the normal document flow.

            It moves it relative to its normal position.
            Correct!

            Fixes it to the viewport.

            It stacks it above other elements.


        3) How does relative positioning differ from static positioning?

            Relative positioning removes the element from the document flow.

            Static positioning allows elements to be shifted from their default position.

            Relative positioning allows you to shift an element without disrupting the document flow.
            Correct!

            Static positioning fixes the element in place like a background image.



3] What Is Absolute Positioning, and How Does It Work?

    # Questions

        1) What happens when an element is positioned absolutely in CSS?

            The element is placed in its normal document flow.

            The element overlaps other elements and is placed in its own layer.
            Correct!

            The element is hidden.

            The element is moved to the top of the page.


        2) How do you move an absolutely positioned element 30px away from the top and left edges of its containing block?

            Set top: 30px and left: 30px.
            Correct!

            Set margin-top: 30px and margin-left: 30px.

            Set position: relative.

            Set padding: 30px.


        3) If no positioned ancestor is found, where is an absolutely positioned element placed?

            Relative to the body.

            Relative to the closest fixed element.

            Relative to the initial containing block (usually the browser's viewport).
            Correct!

            It stays in the same place.



4] What Is Fixed and Sticky Positioning, and How Does It Differ from Absolute Positioning?

    # Questions

        1) What is the main difference between fixed and sticky positioning?

            fixed stays in place relative to the viewport, sticky moves based on scroll position.
            Correct!

            sticky stays in place relative to the viewport, fixed moves based on scroll position.

            Both fixed and sticky behave the same way.

            Neither works for headers or navigation bars.


        2) What property must be defined for sticky positioning to work?

            position: absolute

            position: fixed

            position: sticky
            Correct!

            z-index


        3) How does fixed positioning differ from absolute positioning?

            fixed is relative to the viewport, while absolute is relative to the nearest positioned ancestor.
            Correct!

            fixed positioning doesn't allow scrolling.

            absolute positioning keeps the element within the normal document flow.

            fixed positioning hides the element when scrolled.



5] What Is the Z-Index Property, and How Does It Work to Control the Stacking of Positioned Elements?

    # Questions

        1) What does the z-index property control in CSS?

            The color of an element.

            The vertical stacking order of positioned elements.
            Correct!

            The size of an element.

            The horizontal alignment of text.


        2) In order for the z-index property to work, what must be true about the element?

            It must have a fixed width.

            It must have a position value other than static.
            Correct!

            It must have a display value of block.

            It must have a background color set.


        3) Which z-index value places an element on top of all others?

            z-index: 0;

            z-index: 5;
            Correct!

            z-index: auto;

            z-index: -1;


