1.What is a common issue for styling the datetime-local input type?

    The input format is different across browsers.
    Correct!

    It does not work with rem units.

    It does not work with the float property.

    It is impossible to make it responsive.


2.Which of the following is considered best practice for styling text inputs?

    Text input fonts need to be adequately sized, and the color needs to have sufficient contrast with the background.
    Correct!

    Text input font colors need to be light colors and the size should only be set using the px unit.

    Text input font sizes need to be set with em units and colors should be a light gray.

    Text input sizes should only use dark green borders on focus and the text color should be dark gray.


3.How should the error state styling relate to the focus state styling?

    The error state should be animated while the focus state should be static.

    The error state should be less visible to avoid alarming users.

    The error state should be distinct from the focus state.
    Correct!

    They should be identical for consistency.


4.What is a best practice for styling inputs in a focused state?

    It is important to preserve a noticeable indicator.
    Correct!

    It is important to remove any noticeable indicator.

    It is important to only use dark red borders for focused inputs.

    It is important to use only light gray borders for focused inputs.


5.What is a best practice for styling inputs in an error state?

    Increase the font size for the input text to 3rem.

    Set the input to display: none; so it is removed from the page.

    Provide a visual indicator with a message so users know that something is incorrect and needs to be fixed.
    Correct!

    Set the input to be disabled so users can no longer interact with it.


6.Why is it important to use descriptive placeholder text in form inputs?

    It automatically validates the input as the user types.

    It helps to pre-fill the form for the user.

    It hides the input label, reducing visual clutter.

    It provides users with guidance on the expected input format.
    Correct!


7.What is WebKit?

    It is a browser engine that displays webpages.
    Correct!

    It is a browser engine that ensures that there are no validation errors in your CSS.

    It is a special CSS property used in CSS flexbox.

    It is a special CSS property used in CSS Grid.


8.When is it appropriate to use appearance: none; for form elements?

    To remove form elements completely from the DOM and page.

    To remove some of the default styles that are applied to the form elements.
    Correct!

    To hide form elements from those who use assistive technologies like screen readers.

    To remove only default colors that are applied to the form elements and use your own.


9.What are some considerations when working with appearance: none; on form elements?

    It is important to use appearance: none; when you need to completely remove a form element from the page.

    It is important to only use appearance: none; when you want to apply different styles for the Safari browser.

    It is important to preserve hovered and submit indicators on interactive elements.

    It is important to preserve focus and error indicators on interactive elements.
    Correct!


10.Which type of form elements are commonly styled using appearance: none; to remove their default look?

    span elements.

    input elements.
    Correct!

    label elements.

    div elements.

