1] What Is Accessibility?

    # Questions

        1) What is the primary goal of web accessibility?

            To make websites look better.

            To ensure websites are usable by everyone.
            Correct!

            To improve website performance.

            To increase website traffic.


        2) What are the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)?

            A programming language for web development.

            A set of guidelines for making websites accessible to everyone.
            Correct!

            A new design trend for websites.

            A tool for testing website performance.


        3) Which of the following is NOT a core principle of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)?

            Perceivable.

            Operable.

            Understandable.

            Compatible.
            Correct!



2] What Are Screen Readers, and Who Uses Them?

    # Questions

        1) Which of the following is the screen reader built into macOS and iOS devices?

            Ella

            Speakup

            VoiceBox

            VoiceOver
            Correct!


        2) Which of the following are screen readers not made for?

            The blind

            Visually impaired people

            The deaf
            Correct!

            Dyslexic people


        3) Which of these is not a feature of screen readers?

            Speech-to-text
            Correct!

            Text-to-speech

            Braille output

            Web browsing support



3] What Are Large Text or Braille Keyboards, and Who Uses Them?

    # Questions

        1) What is one benefit of using large text keyboards?

            Improved typing speed.

            Enhanced performance.

            Improved readability of the keys.
            Correct!

            Reduced noise levels.


        2) Who primarily benefits from the use of large text and braille keyboards?

            People with hearing disabilities.

            People with cognitive disabilities.

            People with visual disabilities.
            Correct!

            People with motor disabilities.


        3) How do people identify letters, numbers, and symbols in braille keyboards?

            By feeling patterns of raised dots with their fingers.
            Correct!

            By speaking into the keyboard.

            By using a stylus.

            By reading the keys.



4] What Are Alternative Pointing Devices Such as Trackballs, Joysticks, and Touchpads Used For?

    # Questions

        1) What kind of device are trackball, joystick, and touchpad?

            Output devices

            Input/output devices

            Pointing devices
            Correct!

            VDU devices


        2) Which device supports multi-touch gestures like pinch-to-zoom, two-finger scrolling, tap-to-click, and three-finger swipes?

            The traditional mouse

            Touchpad
            Correct!

            Joystick

            Trackballs


        3) Which pointing device is primarily designed for games and specific industrial applications?

            Joystick
            Correct!

            Trackball

            Mouse

            Trackpad or touchpad



5] What Are Screen Magnifiers Used For?

    # Questions

        1) How do most screen magnifiers work?

            By providing text-to-speech functionality.

            By enlarging the texts, graphics, and other elements on a computer or mobile device screen.
            Correct!

            By providing a ruler around every element on the page.

            By enlarging only the texts on a screen for better visibility.


        2) Which of these should a developer do to make their digital products friendly to screen magnifiers?

            Use big fonts only.

            Disable zooming to keep the layout intact.

            Rely only on images to convey information.

            Make their pages respond to different screen sizes.
            Correct!


        3) Which of the following is a third-party screen magnifier?

            Zoom

            Loops

            ZoomText
            Correct!

            Loup



6] What Is Voice Recognition Software Used For?

    # Questions

        1) What are the main input devices that voice recognition software replaces?

            Fingerprint readers.

            Image scanners.

            Keyboards and mice.
            Correct!

            Webcams.


        2) Which of the following would be the least likely to benefit from voice recognition software?

            Elderly people.

            People with mobility impairments.

            People with low leg movement.
            Correct!

            People with visual impairments.


        3) Which of the following is not voice recognition software?

            Dragon.

            Audacity.
            Correct!

            Voice Control.

            Voice Access.



7] What Are Some Common Accessibility Auditing Tools to Use?

    # Questions

        1) Which of these best describes an accessibility auditing tool?

            It automatically fixes all accessibility issues.

            It evaluates how accessible your digital content is.
            Correct!

            It only checks mobile apps.

            It requires no manual input.


        2) Which of these describes how you can use the IBM Equal Access Accessibility Checker?

            It can be used only as a desktop application.

            It can be used without any development integration.

            It's exclusively for mobile apps.

            It can be used as a Chrome extension, Firefox add-on, or NPM package.
            Correct!


        3) Which of these is a limitation of using the web version of the tool on Google Lighthouse?

            It provides unreliable metrics.

            It can only test local websites.

            It cannot test local websites.
            Correct!

            It doesn't support mobile testing.



8] How Does Proper Heading Level Structure Affect Accessibility?

    # Questions

        1) How does proper heading structure help those using screen readers?

            It provides visual styling for the content.

            It helps screen readers generate a summary of the content.

            It allows screen readers to navigate and skip to different sections easily.
            Correct!

            It improves the loading speed of the webpage.


        2) Why is it important to use headings properly for users who rely on keyboards?

            It improves the visual appeal of the webpage.

            It allows users to print the webpage more easily.

            It lets users jump between sections without the need to tab through every link.
            Correct!

            It helps users download the webpage faster.


        3) Which of these is one of the best practices for using headings on a web page?

            Skipping from h1 to h3 to save time.

            Using clear and descriptive texts that summarize the following content.
            Correct!

            Using any heading level in isolation without any following content.

            Using multiple h1 tags on a single page for emphasis.


