1] What Are Some Tools to Check for Good Color Contrast on Sites?

    # Questions

        1) What is the primary purpose of using color contrast checking tools like WebAIM's Color Contrast Checker?

            To make websites more colorful.

            To ensure text is readable against its background for accessibility.
            Correct!

            To reduce the number of colors used in a website.

            To increase website loading speed.


        2) Which feature does the TPGi Colour Contrast Analyzer offer that most online contrast checkers don't?

            It can check contrast ratios.

            It provides hexadecimal color codes.

            It can analyze entire web pages and simulate color vision deficiencies.
            Correct!

            It suggests color combinations.


        3) What do the WCAG 2.0 level AA and AAA standards refer to in the context of color contrast tools?

            The brightness levels of colors.

            The file size of images.

            The minimum contrast ratios required for accessibility.
            Correct!

            The number of colors used in a design.



2] What Are Best Practices for Hiding Content So It Doesn't Become Inaccessible?

    # Questions

        1) What is the main accessibility issue when using the display: none and visibility: hidden style declarations, or the hidden attribute to hide content?

            These methods make it so that only assistive technologies like screen readers can access the hidden content.

            Content is only hidden until users move their mouse over the content.

            These methods remove the content from the accessibility tree, making it impossible for assistive technologies like screen readers to access the hidden content.
            Correct!

            These methods do not work with some browsers.


        2) What is the primary purpose of the "visually hidden" or "screen reader only" CSS technique?

            To hide content from all users.

            To make content visible only on mobile devices.

            To hide content visually while keeping it accessible to screen readers.
            Correct!

            To create animated transitions for content.


        3) When should you hide content on a web page?

            When the content you're hiding is less important than other content on the page.

            When the content you're hiding is incorrect.

            Only when it genuinely enhances the user experience.
            Correct!

            Whenever you feel like it.


