1] What Are the Fundamentals of Typography?

    # Questions

        1) Which of the following refers to how the individual characters are designed and arranged?

            Glyph

            Type
            Correct!

            Beak

            Shoulder


        2) What is the difference between a typeface and a font?

            A typeface is a specific style of a font, while a font is the overall design.

            A font is a specific style of a typeface, while a typeface is the overall design.
            Correct!

            There is no difference between a typeface and a font.

            A typeface is a collection of fonts, while a font is a single character.


        3) What is the main difference between serif and sans-serif fonts?

            Serif fonts are handwritten, while sans-serif fonts are printed.

            Serif fonts have small lines at the end of characters, while sans-serif fonts do not.
            Correct!

            Serif fonts are used for headlines, while sans-serif fonts are used for body text.

            Serif fonts are older than sans-serif fonts.



2] What Are Some Best Practices for Working with Typography in Your Designs?

    # Questions

        1) Which of the following is a very important factor for ensuring readability in web typography?

            Using a large variety of fonts.

            Maximizing font size for all text elements.

            Achieving optimal contrast between text and background.
            Correct!

            Aligning text to the left margin.


        2) When choosing fonts for a website, it's generally recommended to:

            Use as many different fonts as possible for visual interest.

            Limit the number of font families to improve consistency.
            Correct!

            Prioritize decorative fonts over readability.

            Use only serif fonts for body text.


        3) Which of the following best describes the concept of visual hierarchy in typography?

            Using only one font style throughout a design.

            Prioritizing the most important information through font size and style.
            Correct!

            Maintaining consistent spacing between letters.

            Ensuring all text is centered on the page.



3] What Are Font Families and How Do They Work?

    # Questions

        1) What is the primary purpose of the font-family CSS property?

            To set the color of the text.

            To control the font size of the text.

            To define the typeface used for the text.
            Correct!

            To adjust the line spacing of the text.


        2) Which of the following is a common generic font family?

            Helvetica

            Times New Roman

            Sans-Serif
            Correct!

            Arial


        3) How can you specify multiple font families as a fallback in CSS?

            By separating them with commas.
            Correct!

            By using nested font-family declarations.

            By using the & character.

            By using the | character.



4] What Are Web Safe Fonts?

    # Questions

        1) Which of the following is a key characteristic of web-safe fonts?

            They are difficult to read.

            They are designed for specific types of content.

            They are widely supported across different platforms and browsers.
            Correct!

            They are only available in serif styles.


        2) Which of the following is not a web-safe font?

            Arial

            Verdana

            Georgia

            Dancing Script
            Correct!


        3) When are web-safe fonts particularly useful?

            For complex and visually demanding web designs.

            When a specific custom font is essential for branding purposes.

            For basic web design and when consistent rendering is a priority.
            Correct!

            For creating custom fonts.



5] What Is the @font-face At-Rule, and How Does It Work?

    # Questions

        1) What is the primary purpose of the @font-face at-rule in CSS?

            To define the color of text.

            To control the font size of text.

            To define custom fonts.
            Correct!

            To adjust the line spacing of text.


        2) Which of the following properties is required within the @font-face rule to specify the font file?

            font-name

            src
            Correct!

            font-weight

            font-style


        3) What is the primary advantage of using custom fonts defined with @font-face compared to relying solely on web-safe fonts?

            Increased browser compatibility.

            Enhanced customization and branding options.
            Correct!

            Faster page loading times.

            Simplified font management.



6] How Do You Work with External Fonts Like Font Squirrel and Google Fonts?

    # Questions

        1) What is the primary advantage of using external fonts from services like Font Squirrel or Google Fonts?

            Reduced font file size.

            Increased font rendering speed.

            Expanded font selection and variety.
            Correct!

            Improved browser compatibility.


        2) What is a potential drawback of using multiple external fonts?

            Increased website load time.
            Correct!

            Increased likelihood of bugs.

            Limited customization options.

            Increased browser compatibility.


        3) What is the importance of providing fallback fonts when using external fonts?

            To create a more visually appealing design.

            To improve font rendering performance.

            To display the text correctly, even if the external font is not loaded properly.
            Correct!

            To reduce file size.



7] What Is the text-shadow Property, and How Does It Work?

    # Questions

        1) What is the primary purpose of the text-shadow CSS property?

            To adjust the font size of text.

            To change the color of text.

            To create a shadow effect for text.
            Correct!

            To control the spacing between lines of text.


        2) How can you create a black text shadow with a horizontal offset to the right and a blur radius of 5 pixels?

            text-shadow: 5px 0px 0px black;

            text-shadow: 5px 0px 5px black;
            Correct!

            text-shadow: 5px 5px 0px black;

            text-shadow: 0px 5px 0px black;


        3) How can you create a multiple-layered text shadow effect?

            By defining multiple shadows in the text-shadow property.
            Correct!

            By nesting elements within each other.

            By using the filter property.

            By applying a background image.


