1.Which of the following is the correct way to write an @font-face rule in CSS?

    @font-family { url: 'myfont.ttf'; }

    @font-face { font: 'MyFont'; size: 12px; }

    @font-face { font-family: 'MyFont'; src: url('myfont.woff2'); }
    Correct!

    font-face: 'MyFont', sans-serif;


2.How do the offset values in the CSS text-shadow property affect the shadow's appearance?

    They adjust the weight and color of the shadow.

    They control the position of the shadow relative to the text.
    Correct!

    They change the color of the shadow.

    They remove the text from the path of the shadow.


3.What does kerning refer to in the context of typography?

    How the overall spacing of a text block is adjusted for visual purposes.

    How the font size is adjusted for accessibility purposes.

    How the space between lines of text is adjusted to improve readability and aesthetics.

    How the space between specific pairs of characters is adjusted to improve readability and aesthetics.
    Correct!


4.What is a font family in the context of typography?

    A group of fonts that share similar design characteristics.
    Correct!

    A specific font style used for headings and body text.

    A set of visually consistent colors used for text.

    A collection of text options for formatting text.


5.How do you import the Roboto font from Google Fonts into your CSS using the @import rule?

    link: 'https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Roboto';

    @import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Roboto&display=swap');
    Correct!

    @font-face { font-family: 'Roboto'; url: 'https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Roboto&display=swap'; }

    @import google-font('Roboto');


6.Which one of the following is a web safe font?

    Impact

    Papyrus

    Times New Roman
    Correct!

    Comic Sans MS


7.What is the purpose of the @font-face rule in CSS?

    It creates a fallback font for web pages.

    It allows you to use custom fonts by importing them.
    Correct!

    It adjusts the line height for text.

    It defines the font size.


8.What is the baseline in the context of typography?

    The parts of lowercase letters that extend above the x-height.

    The imaginary line on which most characters rest.
    Correct!

    The average height of lowercase letters, excluding ascenders and descenders.

    The height of uppercase letters, measured from the baseline to the top.


9.Why is it important to include multiple font options in the font-family property?

    It prevents browser compatibility issues by providing multiple options.

    It reduces page load time by optimizing the process of loading fonts.

    It ensures a consistent user experience in case the custom font doesn't load.
    Correct!

    It makes the web page more engaging and interactive.


10.What is the purpose of the text-shadow property in CSS?

    It changes the color and font family of the text.

    It adds a decorative border and background color to the text.

    It creates a visual effect by adding a blurred or offset duplicate of the text.
    Correct!

    It makes the text bold and adjusts the space between the characters.


11.What is leading in the context of Typography?

    A group of fonts that share a common design.

    How space is adjusted between specific pairs of characters in a block of text.

    How space is adjusted between all characters in a block of text.

    The vertical space between lines of text.
    Correct!


12.Why is typographic hierarchy important in design?

    It ensures that all text elements are the same size.

    It improves the readability of large blocks of text.

    It helps organize content and guide users through the information.
    Correct!

    It ensures consistency across different devices.


13.Which of the following is NOT a CSS property related to fonts?

    font-size

    font-family

    font-weight

    font-padding
    Correct!


14.Which of the following is a correct example of the text-shadow property in CSS?

    text-shadow: inset 2px 2px white;

    text-shadow: 5px blur black;

    text-shadow: 2px 2px 5px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);
    Correct!

    text-shadow: solid 5px black;


15.What are web safe fonts?

    Fonts that automatically adjust to the user's preferred settings.

    Fonts that are very likely to be available on most devices and browsers.
    Correct!

    Fonts that are specifically designed for print media.

    Fonts that provide advanced typographic features.


16.Why are sans-serif fonts generally considered easier to read on screens than serif fonts?

    Because they have simple and clean lines.
    Correct!

    Because they are primarily used for decorative purposes.

    Because they were specifically designed for print media.

    Because they have small lines at the end of characters.


17.How do you specify multiple font families in the font-family property in CSS?

    By separating them with commas and listing the preferred font first.
    Correct!

    By separating them with spaces and listing the preferred font last.

    By enclosing them in curly braces and listing the preferred font first.

    By separating them with commas and listing the preferred font last.


18.In the @font-face rule, which property specifies where the font file is located?

    font-size

    url

    font-family

    src
    Correct!


19.Which of the following is a good practice when using fonts in web design?

    Using decorative fonts for both headings and body text.

    Avoiding fallback fonts whenever possible.

    Always using at least eight different font families throughout the website.

    Using no more than two or three font families to ensure visual consistency.
    Correct!


20.What is tracking in the context of typography?

    The average height of lowercase letters, excluding ascenders and descenders.

    How space is adjusted between all characters in a block of text.
    Correct!

    The parts of lowercase letters that extend below the baseline.

    How space is adjusted between all lines of text in a block of text.

