1] What Are Design Briefs and How Do Developers Work with Them?

    # Questions

        1) What is a design brief?

            A timeline of past project milestones.

            A schedule of meetings and deadlines for a project team.

            A manual on how to use specific software tools.

            A document that outlines the objectives, goals, and requirements of a project.
            Correct!


        2) Why is it important to define the scope for a project in a design brief?

            To plan the project's social media marketing strategy.

            To ensure that the project stays on track and within budget.
            Correct!

            To select the software tools for team collaboration.

            To choose the best color palette for the project.


        3) What is the role of the developer in a project?

            To change the timeline and deliverables in the design brief.

            To take the design brief and turn it into a working product.
            Correct!

            To change the design brief to meet the developer's preferences.

            To change the project scope to include more features.



2] What Are Some Common Tools Developers Should Know About That Are Used by Designers in the Industry?

    # Questions

        1) Which of these best describes Sketch?

            It is difficult to learn and use.

            It is primarily used for back-end development.

            It is known for its intuitive interface and simplicity, ideal for quick prototypes.
            Correct!

            It is rarely used for creating UIs or web layouts.


        2) Which of these is not a feature of Figma?

            Vector-based design.

            Automatic layout.

            Real-time collaboration.

            Coding environment.
            Correct!


        3) What is Adobe XD known for?

            Complex video editing features.

            Seamless integration with other Adobe apps like Photoshop and Illustrator.
            Correct!

            Being a raster-based image editor.

            Specialized 3D modeling capabilities.


